maintain a long-term debt status. The group of people I
just mentioned accounts for a
large proportion of the entire society.
Once the interest-based model is activated, the
bank's income can be terrifyingly considerable.
How terrifying is it? Let's
make an assumption.
Suppose you swipe your card to buy a worth  The day you spend $
27,000 on an Apple Vision Pro,
you are already borrowing money from the bank. What will happen
if you are late with your payments
or only pay the minimum amount every month?
Interest
will start to accrue from the day you sign the contract, and
if it continues day after day, you will also have to
pay interest on interest.
In a few years, the
interest you pay will be
more than the amount you paid on your card. A
look at HSBC's credit card counter
will show you everything. If you spend $
27,000 to
buy an Apple Vision Pro, it will
take you 14 years to
pay off the